add rpc doc (#620)
integritee-network/worker: docs/trusted-rpc-interface.md

# Trusted Rpc Interface
This document contains information about the trusted worker json-rpc interface. The trusted worker server is a tls websocket directly running in the enclave.

The server expects an json-rpc call of the following format:

`{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "method": "author_pendingExtrinsics", "params": ["5Ki5bf4dcY9eyrqBRe6Xbr5accvo42XZb86eXv5mkTJo"], "id": 1}`

> The workers methods are aligned to match as much as sensible the substrate rpc calls: https://docs.substrate.io/v3/runtime/custom-rpcs/

Reviewer: I don't understand the sentence. What does this mean?

Author: Better now?

Reviewer: very much!

- `author_getUntrustedUrl` (no params): Retrieves the untrusted ws url of the worker (Only needed by fellow validateers).

### Sidechain related
A sidechain related call always enters our so called trusted operation pool. To provide as much privacy as possible, all calls are expected to be encrypted (with the shielding key that can be retrieved with `author_getShieldingKey`) and have the exact same structure, be it a getter or a call. This adds some complexity to the request structure but allows to expand calls and getters without having to change any networking and caching functionalities in our codebase (see the [Turtorial](https://book.integritee.network/howto_stf.html) on how to expand `Getters` and `Calls` according to the users need).

#### Request
All rpc params are expected to be a [substrate codec](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/advanced/scale-codec/) encoded [Request](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/core-primitives/types/src/lib.rs#L64-L68), with the parameters:
- shard :  `H256` : H256 of a state
- cyphertext : `Vec<u8>` : with the shielding key encrypted `TrustedOperation`.

#### Trusted Operation

> A [`TrustedOperation`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/app-libs/stf/src/lib.rs#L112-L118) may be an indirect / direct `TrustedCallSigned` or a `Getter`. For the direct rpc calls, only direct Calls should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`TrustedOperation`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/app-libs/stf/src/lib.rs#L112-L118) may be an indirect / direct `TrustedCallSigned` or a `Getter`. For the direct rpc calls, only direct calls should be used.
```

- current `nonce` of an account.

#### Trusted Calls
A [`TrustedCallSigned`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/app-libs/stf/src/lib.rs#L243-L248) contains, in contrast to the `Getter`, not two but three components:
- nonce (to prevent replay attacks)
- [signature](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/app-libs/stf/src/lib.rs#L195-L200) of the call (contains the nonce, mrenclave as well as the shard)
- the `TrustedCall` itself

The current implementation of the [`TrustedCall`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/app-libs/stf/src/lib.rs#L169-L176) supports the following calls:
- `balance_set_balance` set the balance of an account (signer, beneficary, free balance, reserved balance)
- `balance_transfer` transfer balance from first account to second account
- `balance_unshield` transfer balance from sidechain (incognito) account to parentchain (public) account.
- `balance_shield` transfer balance from parentchain (public) account to sidechain (incognito) account.

#### RPC Methods
The following rpc calls are available:

>   - `author_submitAndWatchExtrinsic`, params: `Vec<u8>`(encoded `Request`). Sends an Extrinsic (`Call` or `Getter`). The server will keep the wss connection open and send status updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `author_submitAndWatchExtrinsic`, params: `Vec<u8>`(encoded `Request`). Sends an extrinsic (`Call` or `Getter`). The server will keep the wss connection open and send status updates.
```

>   - `author_submitExtrinsic`, params: `Vec<u8>` (encoded `Request`). Sends an Extrinsic (`Call` or `Getter`). The server will close the connection immediately after the first response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `author_submitExtrinsic`, params: `Vec<u8>` (encoded `Request`). Sends an extrinsic (`Call` or `Getter`). The server will close the connection immediately after the first response.
```

## Rpc Response
The server response is a json rpc response containing a [substrate codec](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/advanced/scale-codec/) encoded [`RpcReturnValue`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/core-primitives/types/src/rpc.rs#L8-L14) as param. It has the following parameters:
- `value`: Encoded return value, depends on the called function and status.
- `do_watch`: If not true, the server will close the connection after sending this response.
- `status`: [`DirectRequestStatus`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/core-primitives/types/src/lib.rs#L87-L95). Indicates the status of the request.

For all rpc methods the following holds true:  If the status is an `Error`, the value is an encoded `String` error message. For non-sidechain related rpc calls, the only other status used, is `Ok`. If `Ok` is returned, the value will also contain an encoded `String`, containing the requested response, be it an url or a shielding key.

The `TrustedOperationStatus` is only used for sidechain related responses.

### Sidechain related responses

> If the `status` equals the enum [`TrustedOperationStatus`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/core-primitives/types/src/lib.rs#L98-L123), then the value contains the encoded Hash of the corresponding `TrustedOperation`. The status `Ok` is used for `Getter` return values. In this case, the return value is an encoded  `Option` which, in turn, contains the encoded exptected return value. The balance getter for example would be an encoded `Balance` type ( = `u128`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `status` equals the enum [`TrustedOperationStatus`](https://github.com/integritee-network/worker/blob/17e9776cbf09d0a1dd765546f27fc4d3c7bfefc4/core-primitives/types/src/lib.rs#L98-L123), the value contains the encoded Hash of the corresponding `TrustedOperation`. The status `Ok` is used for `Getter` return values. In this case, the return value is an encoded  `Option` containing the encoded expected return value. The balance getter for example would be an encoded `Balance` type ( = `u128`).
```
